---
layout: post
title:  Birding at Jubilee garden 
date: 2024-05-30 06:01:00
description: Images of cute little birds and insects.
tags: nature
categories: photography
---
The day started with an upset stomach and a solitary myna so got all the bad luck out of the way.

I'll spam bird photos here.

Starting off with them barbets; *white cheeked* and *coppersmith*. I love listening to them, kup kup and kutroo, every morning. 
This is my first ever time of actually getting a *white cheeked barbet* on camera. Also the sunlight makes it seem as if it is charging up a laser beam.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/wcbarbet.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/coppersmith_barbet.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

*Scaly breasted munia* is such a majestic yet cute bird. Imagine the same coloration on a bigger bird! This yellow-billed babbler was quite annoying, both to get on camera and to listen to. I hope babblers find some much needed peace.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/munia.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/bitchass_babbler.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

And we saw the usual black kites and rufous treepie. I am leaving these in because I love the photos.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/black_kite.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/rufous treepie.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

These are some of the butterflies we saw. I forgot their id and will update as soon as I figure it out.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/butterfly-2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/butterfly.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

Misc photos. I found out that owlflies are a thing; and one easy way to identify them is by looking at the quirky bulby antenna. It is very interest how birds now incorporate cloth into their nests. Is it for reinforcement or are the birds just feeling *fancy* ? Guess we'll never know, unless someone wants to test it >.>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/owlfly.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/weevil sex.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/some_damselfly.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/assets/img/may_jubilee/nest_w_cloth.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>